private repos only on article. (#10764)
harness/developer-hub: kb/continuous-integration/articles/using-git-credentials-from-codebase-connector-in-ci-pipelines-run-step.md

---
title:  Use codebase connector's Git credentials in a CI Run step
---

> Harness CI supports seamless integration with version control systems through [codebase connectors](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/codebase-configuration/create-and-configure-a-codebase). While most Git tasks are automated within the CI pipeline, there can be scenarios where you need to manually execute Git commands in a [Run step](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/run-step-settings), such as when you need to [Clone a subdirectory](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/codebase-configuration/clone-subdirectory) or run [use Git Large File Storage](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/codebase-configuration/gitlfs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harness CI supports seamless integration with version control systems through [codebase connectors](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/codebase-configuration/create-and-configure-a-codebase). While most Git tasks are automated within the CI pipeline, there can be scenarios where you need to manually execute Git commands in a [Run step](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/run-step-settings), such as when you need to [Clone a subdirectory](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/codebase-configuration/clone-subdirectory) or run [use Git Large File Storage](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/codebase-configuration#download-lfs-files).
```
